Changelog 4.29.0 (#2511)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: changelog.txt

4.29.0
==========
### Bug Fixes:
**Custom Tabs now work correctly in Android 29+**. See issue [#2418](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2418).  
**Output and error streams are now redirected from the child process when launching a browser on Linux**. See issue [#2427](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2427).  

> ### New Features:

Reviewer: nit: I would put "new features" first.

Author: Done.

**Added support for calling On-Behalf-Of flow for Service Principals**. See issue [#1845](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/1845).  

> **Added support for `prompt=create` for External Identities**, which allows self-service sign-up experience. See issue [#2463](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2463) and [documentation](https://aka.ms/msal-net-prompt-create).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MSAL.NET now supports `Prompt.Create`, which is needed for the self-service sign-up experience with External Identities**. See issue [#2463](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/2463) and [documentation](https://aka.ms/msal-net-prompt-create) and learn more [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/wiki/Acquiring-tokens-interactively#withprompt) about the different ways to controller the user interaction.  
```

suggestion, as customers won't ever see `prompt=create` unless they are looking at the network calls.
